# HTMLScriptVanilla
An experimental scripting language for html. Exposes vanilla js to html through a special tag.

<p>HTMLSV (HTMLS-Vanilla) is a scripting language for html written in javascript it runs on the client machine and can be used on a standalone webpage without much overhead. HTMLS is written directly into the HTML file using the <b>Script Scope Tag</b> \{ ... \}.  There are limitations on this version, some functions of htmls will not work in vanilla because js has no ability to open files on a client.  Vanilla can be used to template menu items and other repetitive content on web pages, using the \{\} or \(\) tags js can be injected into the page, and used to output a string of formatted text (html content) into the page.  This can let one line of html become many more using a loop, or using complex layouts based on page input or using js objects.  </p>
<p>To access js scripting in the html page, use the htmls script scope \{ ... \}.  Any js code inside the backslash-curly braces will be executed when laying out the page, in order to use js to change the page simply return any string or number from the script scope.  This can be used to include classes or functions directly into the text of an html file, check out the example file to see exactly how to implement htmlsv.</p>
<p>In order for the HTMLSV to actually do any parsing you must call parseHTMLS from a script tag in the HTML file, this will replace all of the Script Scopes with their returned values in the text, it should likely be the first js call made in the file.</p><p>HTMLSV will create new outer html code for whatever element it is called on, for instance: <code>document.body.outerHTML = parseHTMLS(document.body.outerHTML);</code> will replace all Script Scopes in the body with their returned values and set the outer html of the body to the called tag's content plus all of the parser's output.  HTMLSV isn't required to be called on the body of an html file but it should be used to set the same element as it nested in.</p>
